c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.dll.config
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.pdb
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiOwin.dll.config
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.dll
c:\Users\vbss-vbx-x4\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MVC\WebApiOwin.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiOwin.Tests.pdb
